Docs Update - Eslint Config README w/example override (#3029)
redwoodjs/redwood: packages/eslint-config/README.md

- [No semicolons](https://eslint.org/docs/rules/semi) at the end of statements
- [Trailing commas](https://eslint.org/docs/rules/comma-dangle) in object and array literals
- [Use single quotes](https://eslint.org/docs/rules/quotes) on strings wherever possible
- [Use parentheses](https://eslint.org/docs/rules/arrow-parens)  around arrow function parameters
- [Sort import declarations](https://eslint.org/docs/rules/sort-imports) by name
- [Wrap block statements](https://eslint.org/docs/rules/curly) in curly braces

## Package Leads

Peter Pistorius (@peterp), David Price (@thedavidprice), Dominic Saadi (@jtoar), Daniel Choudhury (@dac09)

## Roadmap

- Lint for case-sensitive imports (issue [#2806](https://github.com/redwoodjs/redwood/issues/2806))

## Contributing

> This package has no dependencies on other Redwood Framework packages. To contribute, you should be familiar with the ESLint package. Keep in mind that any rules added should not conflict with code formatting tools (e.g. [Prettier](https://prettier.io/docs/en/integrating-with-linters.html)).

Reviewer: - sounded a little awkward
```suggestion
This package doesn't depend on other Redwood Framework packages. To contribute, you should be familiar with the ESLint package. Keep in mind that any rules added should not conflict with code formatting tools (e.g. [Prettier](https://prettier.io/docs/en/integrating-with-linters.html)).
```

## Overriding Default Configuration

In a Redwood App, you can override default config in your root `package.json` file by adding the rules after the include for this package:

```javascript

> // redwood/package.json

Reviewer: - just a little clearer
```suggestion
// redwood-app/package.json
```

"eslintConfig": {
  "extends": "@redwoodjs/eslint-config",
  "root": true,
  "jsx-a11y/no-onchange": "off",
},
```

If you need script in your configuration, you can remove the `eslintConfig` block from your root `package.json` file and add an `.eslintrc.js` file:

```javascript

> // redwood/.eslintrc.js

Reviewer: - just a little clearer
```suggestion
// redwood-app/.eslintrc.js
```

module.exports = {
  extends: ['@redwoodjs/eslint-config'],
  'root': true,
  rules: {
    'jsx-a11y/no-onchange': 'off',
  },
}
```

> By default, ESLint will recurse through all project directories looking for configuration files and directives, and overriding those specified in multiple places according to a prioritization formula. The `root` directive tells ESLint to stop searching for configuration lower in the tree at the file this directive is encountered.

Reviewer: - tense maybe?
```suggestion
By default, ESLint will recurse through all project directories looking for configuration files and directives, and override those specified in multiple places according to a prioritization formula. The `root` directive tells ESLint to stop searching for configuration lower in the tree at the file this directive is encountered.
```
